feat(telemetry): integrate the new FOE telemetry sidecar (#566)
voxel51/fiftyone-teams-app-deploy: docs/orchestrators/configuring-kubernetes-orchestrator.md

)
```

## Telemetry Sidecar

> [!NOTE]

> > The telemetry sidecar can be disabled, but doing so disables the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> The telemetry sidecar may be disabled, but doing so disables the
```

Author: I believe "can" is more correct here. It's also consistent with the rest of the doc. Thoughts?

Reviewer: I'm not going to push back. But my elementary school teacher would have some commentary.

> FiftyOne UI's log viewer for delegated-operator runs — it depends
> on the sidecar to capture per-operation logs.

If your deployment runs telemetry (the helm chart and docker compose
files include it by default), you can attach a per-Job telemetry sidecar
to on-demand Kubernetes orchestrators as well. This emits per-operation
metrics back to the same Redis backend so the Settings → Metrics page
sees individual delegated runs.

Use a Kubernetes
[native sidecar](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/workloads/pods/sidecar-containers/)
(an `initContainer` with `restartPolicy: Always`, requires Kubernetes

> 1.29+). A regular

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use of a Kubernetes
[native sidecar](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/workloads/pods/sidecar-containers/)
(an `initContainer` with `restartPolicy: Always`, requires Kubernetes
1.29+). A regular
```

Author: Fixed!

              name: fiftyone-secrets
              key: database-name
      volumeMounts:
        - mountPath: /tmp/telemetry
          name: telemetry-socket
  containers:
    - name: task-worker
      # ... existing container config ...
      env:
        # ... existing env, plus:
        - name: TELEMETRY_SOCKET
          value: /tmp/telemetry/agent.sock
        - name: FIFTYONE_TELEMETRY_REDIS_URL
          value: redis://<release-name>-telemetry-redis.fiftyone-teams.svc.cluster.local:6379
      volumeMounts:
        # ... existing mounts, plus:
        - mountPath: /tmp/telemetry
          name: telemetry-socket
  volumes:
    - name: telemetry-socket
      emptyDir: {}
```

Notes:

- `shareProcessNamespace: true` lets the sidecar's psutil call see the
  worker process via `/proc/<pid>` in the shared PID namespace.
- `SYS_PTRACE` is required so py-spy can attach to the worker.
- `EXECUTOR_SIDECAR=true` switches the sidecar into per-operation mode;
  the worker writes execution metadata to `TELEMETRY_SOCKET` and the
  sidecar records per-op metrics into the `delegated_ops` MongoDB
  document.
- The `FIFTYONE_TELEMETRY_REDIS_URL` must be reachable from wherever

>   the Job runs. For same-cluster Jobs use the in-cluster service DNS

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  the Job runs. For same-cluster Jobs, use the in-cluster service DNS
```

Author: Fixed!

)
```

## Telemetry Sidecar

> [!IMPORTANT]
> The telemetry sidecar can be disabled, but doing so disables the
> FiftyOne UI's log viewer for delegated-operator runs — it depends on
> the sidecar to capture per-operation logs.

If your deployment runs telemetry (the helm chart and docker compose

> files include it by default), you can attach a per-Job telemetry

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your deployment runs telemetry (the Helm chart includes 
it by default), you can attach a per-Job telemetry
```

sidecar to on-demand Kubernetes orchestrators as well.
This emits per-operation metrics back to the same Redis backend so the
Settings → Metrics page sees individual delegated runs.

Use of a Kubernetes
[native sidecar](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/workloads/pods/sidecar-containers/)
(an `initContainer` with `restartPolicy: Always`, requires Kubernetes

> 1.29+).

Reviewer: The chart only supports 

```
kubeVersion: ">=1.31-0"
```

do we need this comment?

```suggestion
We use Kubernetes
[native sidecar](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/workloads/pods/sidecar-containers/)
(an `initContainer` with `restartPolicy: Always`).
```

Author: Oops -- yes I saw this earlier an could've sworn I committed the fix... Thx

A regular sidecar container would block Job completion — the Job stays

> in `Running` until every container exits.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A regular sidecar container would block Job completion where the Job stays
in `Running` status until every container exits.
```

          runAsNonRoot: false
          runAsUser: 0
          capabilities:
            add: [SYS_PTRACE]
        env:
          - name: TARGET_NAME
            value: "fiftyone delegated"
          - name: SERVICE_TYPE
            value: delegated-operator
          - name: EXECUTOR_SIDECAR
            value: "true"
          - name: TELEMETRY_SOCKET
            value: /tmp/telemetry/agent.sock
          - name: POD_NAME
            valueFrom:
              fieldRef:
                fieldPath: metadata.name
          - name: POD_NAMESPACE
            valueFrom:
              fieldRef:
                fieldPath: metadata.namespace
          - name: FIFTYONE_TELEMETRY_REDIS_URL
            value: redis://telemetry-redis.your-org-fiftyone-ai.svc.cluster.local:6379
          - name: FIFTYONE_DATABASE_URI
            valueFrom:
              secretKeyRef:
                key: mongodbConnectionString
                name: your-org-teams-secrets
          - name: FIFTYONE_DATABASE_NAME
            valueFrom:
              secretKeyRef:
                key: fiftyoneDatabaseName
                name: your-org-teams-secrets
        resources:
          limits:

>             cpu: 50m

Reviewer: In the compose, we start with `cpu: 100m`. Should we here too?

Author: :100:

            memory: 512Mi
          requests:

>             cpu: 50m

Reviewer: In the compose, we start with `cpu: 100m`. Should we here too?

Author: :100:

            medium: Memory
            sizeLimit: 2Gi
          name: shm-vol
        - emptyDir: {}
          name: telemetry-socket
      restartPolicy: Never
```

The `telemetry-sidecar` init container above is optional.

> If you are not running telemetry, remove all of the following from the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To opt out of running telemetry, remove all of the following from the
```
